No we have already created via frames and via frames are going to tell a lot about what the information
is there present in your pages Web sites or mobile app screens.
But the interactivity how actually those static pages are going to work or interact when what happens
when a user clicks on Add To Cart.
What happens when a user clicks on short details how the whole product is going to work.
So working model which shows mostly that interaction feedback of your system and what are the transitions
between screens and what will happen when some user gets error messages or things like that they are
going to be present in your prototype.
Now these prototypes are bread and butter of George use expense design process and they are the biggest
cost savers.
Why.
Because you can have and develop a prototype or paper prototype with no cost and no time you can create
them in just 30 minutes and you can test your idea and you can throw it away.
These are called through are very prototypes.
You are not going to you know get yourself emotionally involved with the prototypes.
They are just for testing purpose.
They are for making your product better and better you are going to iterate your design and again and
again based on the feedback you get from the users.
When you test your prototypes so try to create prototypes as early as possible in your user expense
design process even you can use them in user interviews and let's see some of the different types of
prototypes which I have already covered in my Adobe x d course design prototype and collaborate.
But I am going to cover it over here again because it is more related to this course than Adobe equity.
There are three major types of prototypes.
One are paper prototypes which are most easier to produce you can use just the papers use some markers
and things and create paper prototypes.
Then we have digital prototypes or interactive prototypes which users can easily tap on and click on
and you can move from screen to screen with some transition some effects.
There are many tools brought up by principal Flynn to be equity.
These are all the tools you can use to create digital prototypes.
Then we have developed prototypes like you can see we mostly use them in a jail you X where we just
release or lead the better vision or alpha version of our product.
And just to test it the how will be the response of the users what will happen.
So if you remember that Invision studio they started with and we a studio is a unique design app.
If you don't know and they started with an invite of testing that beta product and once you get the
invite they send you a link to test it and you give them feedback that half of what you think about
their product.
So this is a good way but it is a bit costly.
So if you are trying to develop a prototype using some chords it will have some cost.
Now horizontal prototype as the name suggests that it has horizontal features means that it has all
the features but you are not testing each feature in depth.
For example the main screens on main pages of any website they are mostly going to fall into this category
horizontal prototypes because they are a lot of options to choose from.
User can click on these if you have seen.
Remember the VAR frames of my website user can click on anything but they are not going to go to checkout
page each time via each bot.
So you are actually testing a lot of different things but you are not going into depth.
So this is actually like you are not going to show all the process or all the prototype behind ordering
a frog.
You might have just need to test for example if I have placed some other collection on the first page.
Whether the users are going to first click that or not.
So this is actually horizontal prototype is actually going to check your you can see empty doors.
So you just place few empty doors in your app or in your browser.
Like if you have recently used YouTube there was an empty button which does nothing and when you click
on it it shows you that this feature is coming soon and you will say what what the heck what is happening.
And they placed it just to test the user.
That user is actually interested in this feature or not.
So this is actually horizontal prototype.
You placed a lot of features just to see which one attracts more to the user and you are not going to
check the check functionality in depth of each feature.
Then we have vertical prototypes.
They are going to go deep into any feature you are testing for example.
I go from main page and then I'm going to go to the whole checkout process.
So if we have a perfect eye that shows the whole checkout process this is a vertical prototype for checkout.
So these are not different things.
You can see if I try to create ordering process ordering vert vertical prototype then I'm going to show
how the user is going to go from browsing dress to ordering a dress and adding it to cart and things
like that.
And for example if we have like log in or sign up vertical prototype then we are going to go into details
of what if a user get some error message or user is already logged on as user already have an account
or one of what if he or she forgets the account.
So the vertical prototype will have all the details of a single feature or function then DB prototype
is actually combining both horizontal and vertical prototypes.
So it has it is going to cover a broad functions but it is going to test just one or two of them into
depth so I'm going to show you at the end of this lesson my prototype which I have used to just test
my searching function and I used Adobe to create that prototype and you will really leverage so you
can just test two or three things out of your whole app which are most important for your user and you
think that are going to make or break your app or website.
Okay.
Now in the last we have local prototypes local prototypes means that they are going to reside on a single
screen single web page and they are more focused on detail on a single aspect of that page.
For example you might have seen a b testing where we test that the button and the label of the button
should be add to cart or add to shopping bag or by now and we will see the results.
And by testing on different sections or you can see different portions of users and see which is going
to win.
So a b testing if you have heard that we actually created two versions of the same page or two versions
of the same screen and show half of the users one version and half of the users one version and see
which one is going to win and which one is going to get us more sales.
So it is about how we are going to have more converted users more and more money.
So it is a bit a little bit of different kind of testing so I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Now let's see Dad.
Prototype I created using Adobe equity.
If you are interested in joining Adobe equity you can take my course of Adobe XP.
You can see I really love to advertise about my courses.
Anyhow let's move through it all back and see what I have created.
Now we are in Adobe city and you can see here is my prototype.
Here we have like 10 different screens.
Five six seven eight nine ten.
Okay so they are actually 10 anyhow.
So these are different screens and prototype is going to this prototype resembles almost a final product
so I'm going to show you now I'm going to play this and let's see how it looks like and how it plays
out.
Anyhow so we have this main page we have search.
We have this menu bar which is not working.
So it does de prototype.
We have just few functionalities working overhead not everything else.
OK.
So we can.
A user can go to these by no press over here okay.
So we have this page we can select the size.
We can click on by now.
A message appears and disappears.
Keep shopping or you want to go to check out so we are going to go to check out because it is more about
checkout process.
So we will all our card.
So this is my card.
I viewed all my card if I want to remove remove.
It's not working so there are a few functionalities we are testing over here.
Then we are going to select our payment method from these three payment methods which are very common
in my country.
Easy BSR.
You'll be an omni and be at your doorstep which is the most common.
I placed it at the bottom so user can tap it with his or her fingers easily.
It is reachable.
It is accessible if you want to learn more about usability accessibility user behavior and how psychology
affects the user experience.
There is a separate course from me which is on user experience principle models and behaviors user behaviors
anyhow so we are going to go to confirm orders tanks and confirm order text.
You will receive estimates on your number this one.
And now we are going to go back to home and we have another functionality so this is a deep prototype.
OK.
So we have two functionalities over here in depth.
We have search now and you can see we have such a lot here.
We have different popular searches which are suggestions and we are going to pick one of them which
is Barbie dress.
And there are different results showing about this.
Case so we didn't go in depth with the result filters because this is another page.
This is another topic or you can see I didn't have time for that one.
So this is a search functionality we can load more reserves we have add to cart we have different color
options available over here we have price and title.
So this is all about how you can create prototype and tested with users.
So might be user might be looking for fabric type or hair so once they go to this filter results we
have places where we can add like cotton fabric or something like that or maybe we can add or hair that
it is a phone or this is the material of the cloth or things like that you can wear it in some hours
or maybe things like that.
So filters will be separate which I didn't have time to create.
Anyhow this is a prototype I created I hope you love this lecture of prototyping and how I actually
created this prototype.
You can build it using principle and there is another apparatus by I am planning to create another course
on just this prototyping and I hope to see you soon in that one too anyhow.
So this is all about prototyping and user experience design.
If you have any questions to ask me let's move on to the next listen.